Hello, welcome back to Bai Xiaojun's channel. In the
previous two episodes, I introduced
some key points about Shopify operations
and its product selection methods.
Today, this video will mainly talk about
how to design our product landing pages,
also known as product detail pages.
Product detail pages
are mainly related to our conversion rate.
A beautiful and high-quality detail page
can not only bring us high conversion rates,
but also increase our average order value.
It can help
buyers discover more highlights while browsing our website,
including some information about our store,
and build trust with buyers, etc.
Okay, without further ado,
let's take a look at
the basic elements that a detail page should have.
First is our main image.
When visitors enter our website, the
first thing they see is our main image.
If we are running a brand store
or a boutique store,
we should try to maintain a
sense of technology or style for our main image.
Generally,
we use a white background
or our website's theme color as the background for the first main image.
This not only maintains the
unified style of the store,
but also
highlights the overall style of our website.
As for the subsequent main images,
we can use
photos that resemble scenes.
Or, to put it another way, photos that describe some of its features.
Of course, if you have the resources and skills,
you can
create rendered images like this, which would
look much more sophisticated.
However, if you're running a mass-market
store focusing on value for money,
I think simple, lifestyle-oriented photos like these are
sufficient.
You can't expect to have
so many products in one store, and
each product image to be exquisitely crafted.
After the images is the product title.
Regardless of whether you're using Shopify
or WordPress,
you actually have two titles. The top
title
is displayed on the front end of your website
for buyers to see.
We should keep it concise, simply
telling buyers what we're selling.
For example, the
title of this website is this.
Below that is an SEO title and description.
This part is mainly for search engines.
When we run certain ads,
they will automatically extract keywords from our title and description.
So,
we need to fill this part out
carefully, trying to include some keywords,
including information about our website, etc. The
purposes of these two titles are different,
so we
need to pay attention when filling them out. The
third part is product reviews.
Reviews are very important for products.
Most buyers
consult other people's opinions before purchasing,
just like when we buy things ourselves.
Besides considering the price,
reviews are also a very important reference indicator. When adding reviews for
products on our website, we should try to
refer to reviews of similar or identical products on Amazon,
because Amazon reviews are
generally much higher quality,
especially the top ten.
We should put more effort into
creating high-quality content and
avoid AliExpress reviews like "
Great Good," as
these are not very meaningful.
There are also many review plugins available now that
can import reviews from Amazon,
or we can directly
import reviews into our website using a spreadsheet. It
might take a little time,
but it's very worthwhile.
We can see that this website's reviews are
also imported from Amazon.
We can see that the
Amazon name at the top hasn't been changed.
We can also see
a verified badge under the reviewer's name,
which can also be
set using plugins.
This website
doesn't have many reviews,
but each review usually
includes several pictures,
which is quite convincing.
Let's take a look at the price variations on the product details page
and the shopping cart.
These are all very basic,
so there's not much to say. For the
variations,
we should try to choose
templates that display thumbnails,
as this makes it more intuitive.
Of course,
text display doesn't have as much impact. The
fifth part is multi-item discounts.
Here, I usually
put multi-item discount information above or below the quantity,
such as 5% off for buying two items,
10% off for buying three items, and 15% off for buying five items.
This is a great way to increase the average order value
because we all know that
traffic is hard-earned.
If you can
generate a higher average order value from the traffic you attract,
it's a very important way to increase our sales.
This method
is very good for both us and the buyers
because while we are giving discounts to buyers,
we are also saving a lot of costs.
From my historical data,
about
1-2 out of every 10 orders have
multiple items. The
sixth part is upselling, which is
another way to increase the average order value. It involves
recommending other related products in our store to buyers, offering
more discounts when purchased together.
This store
also uses this method.
It combines these three products, resulting in a
lower total price. The
seventh part is the payment method,
which is a common headache for many sellers.
Domestic sellers often have limited
payment options.
Many independent sellers
can only offer PayPal
because it's relatively easy to apply for. However,
while PayPal is widely used,
offering more payment methods is always better.
For example, credit card payments
or
BNPL (Bill of Materials), which is popular internationally, are
also options.
Offering these payment methods is
a significant advantage. The
eighth part covers our
service guarantees,
delivery time,
product shelf life,
and
return/exchange policies.
Buyers value
these information, so it's
best to place them below the purchase button to
increase website
credibility. The
ninth part, a
crucial section of the product page, is the
product description.
This
description showcases the product's highlights to attract buyers and
addresses potential
issues they might encounter during the purchase process.
We try to put eye-catching features and
highlights at the beginning. As for
detailed specifications,
such as size,
color,
and packaging,
we try to place them later on the website.
We know that
buyers' attention spans are limited,
so we try not to put these
relatively basic information first.
Because when they are truly interested in your product, they will
definitely browse the entire page,
including actively searching for
information they want to know,
such as usage instructions, the contents of the
package, and
detailed specifications.
We also try to use
animated GIFs.
Shopify has always supported animated GIFs, which makes the
content
more attractive and effectively
conveys the product's usage and features. For
these animated GIFs,
we can find product videos
or buy samples and
shoot our own videos, then use
GIF tools to
extract the GIFs.
If you have product videos,
you can also put them on the description page,
but remember not to make them too long, preferably
no more than one minute.
We can see that this
description is relatively high-end,
like this detail page layout.  It
's related to its template,
but its content is indeed very professional
and technologically advanced,
including its details. The
product descriptions also utilize rendering techniques,
and the detailed information is very well done, with
more detailed information
placed at the end.
Let's look at another website; its
description is relatively simpler
because its product description is also relatively
simple.
However, it still covers the important points,
including how to use the product and its
detailed information.
If your current conditions
don't allow for a product
detail page like the one above,
I think creating something like the one below is
also acceptable.
Part 10 is the FAQ, which contains
frequently asked questions and answers.
This part is easily overlooked,
but its advantage is that
buyers can find answers to common questions directly here
without having to contact us,
thus increasing response speed.
Since our
main consumer market is overseas, there's
definitely a time difference.
We can't be online 24/7. By the
time we realize a buyer has a question, we
may have already missed the best sales opportunity.
Therefore, it's
best to summarize and compile some common questions.
Place it below our product description.
When users browsing our website
are interested in our products
and encounter problems,
if they can find answers below,
they are more likely to place an order.
We can see that this website
not only includes frequently asked questions, but
also shipping policies,
guarantees, and other
information.
It also
includes a download button for the instruction manual,
which is very thoughtful.
Firstly,
some people may not have bought your product yet,
but they can look at the manual first and
discover some advantages of the product, leading to a
purchase.
Secondly, and quite strangely,
many overseas buyers
always ask for the instruction manual after receiving the product,
even if you've included it in the product description.
Therefore,
including a download link for the instruction manual on the website
saves us a lot of after-sales time
and
increases customer satisfaction.
So, the FAQ section is
relatively important. Regarding
section 11, online chat,
I don't recommend including
real-time chat tools. This is due to the
issue mentioned above;
if you can't handle time zone differences...
In other words, if you can't respond to buyer questions in real time,
you don't need to add such a tool.
You can simply use a
self-service solution
and put it in our FAQ. The
twelfth part is recommended products.
I usually put this part
above the comments section. Here, it's
placed below. The
main purpose is to increase the
exposure of other products in the store and
potentially
increase our sales.
This website also has a
good feature:
a comparison of different models of similar products.
This is a pretty good function.
However, if you want to
add such a function to the website, it
may involve some code modifications.
So, if
you want to add such a comparison module,
you need to consider whether you can create it yourself. The
above are basically the elements that a qualified product details page should
have.
As for other functions,
for example, many people
sometimes
add
countdown discounts or similar functions below the product price.
You can decide whether to include this or not based on your needs, or whether
you can find some plugins
to implement such functions.
Also, our details page should not be
piled with various marketing tools. You ca
n't just put up whatever tool
you think is good.
Actually, it's unnecessary
because doing so
will affect the loading speed and aesthetics of our webpage, potentially having the opposite
effect.
Finally, another very important point
is mobile compatibility.
Historical data shows that
about 80% of users
shop online using mobile devices.
Therefore, regardless of whether it's a computer or mobile device,
we need to ensure the page layout is effective.
Most templates now
support mobile devices and
will automatically adapt to your products.
However, to see the actual effect,
we still need to check it ourselves.
A simple method is to
open the store's URL on your mobile phone to see the effect. Alternatively,
we can use Google Chrome to
simulate a mobile effect.
Right-click on the current webpage
and select "Inspect."
Some code will appear on the right, with
a phone and tablet icon above it.
Clicking this will
simulate a mobile device.
Above this icon,
we can select phone models,
sizes,
and adjust the aspect ratio
and rotation. We
can then preview the overall display on a mobile device to ensure our webpage
displays correctly. Overall, there are
n't many problems, and the
mobile display is quite nice.
That concludes this episode.
We've covered the layout of a product detail page, including
at least the basic elements a detail page
should have. I won't go into detail
about building an independent website
here,
as we've already released a
Shopify website building series.
If you're interested, you
can check it out on my homepage.
Okay, that's all for this episode.
If you want to learn more useful and practical knowledge,
remember to follow me.
If
you found this episode helpful,
please like and save it. See
you next time!